{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green19\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c9412\c13725;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx10424\pardeftab720\sl1100\sa690\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I seem to have loved you in numberless forms, numberless times\'85\uc0\u8232 In life after life, in age after age, forever.\u8232 My spellbound heart has made and remade the necklace of songs,\u8232 That you take as a gift, wear round your neck in your many forms,\u8232 In life after life, in age after age, forever.\u8232 \u8232 Whenever I hear old chronicles of love, its age-old pain,\u8232 Its ancient tale of being apart or together.\u8232 As I stare on and on into the past, in the end you emerge,\u8232 Clad in the light of a pole-star piercing the darkness of time:\u8232 You become an image of what is remembered forever.\u8232 \u8232 You and I have floated here on the stream that brings from the fount.\u8232 At the heart of time, love of one for another.\u8232 We have played alongside millions of lovers, shared in the same\u8232 Shy sweetness of meeting, the same distressful tears of farewell-\u8232 Old love but in shapes that renew and renew forever.\u8232 \u8232 Today it is heaped at your feet, it has found its end in you\u8232 The love of all man\'92s days both past and forever:\u8232 Universal joy, universal sorrow, universal life.\u8232 The memories of all loves merging with this one love of ours \'96\u8232 And the songs of every poet past and forever.\
}